pages/faq.mdx, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What should I bring to the ride?

- A bike in good working condition
- Lights (if riding during evening hours)
- Water and snacks
- Weather-appropriate clothing

## How do we promote safety?

Safety is <u>the</u> top priority. We strive to create a secure environment for everyone to enjoy the ride. This includes:

- **Taking Full Lanes**: To ensure the safety of all cyclists, we take full 
lanes when necessary, especially where there are double yellow lines, to 
discourage unsafe passing by cars.
- **Corking when Necessary**: In order to keep the mass together, we may cork intersections until
we have all safely navigated the intersection.
- **Pre-Ride Safety Checks**: Encouraging all riders to perform safety checks 
on their bicycles before joining the ride.

## Is there a fee to participate?

No, Critical Mass Princeton is free to all participants. Our goal is to be accessible to everyone in the community.

## How long are the rides?

Rides typically last between 1 to 2 hours, covering various routes through downtown Princeton.

## Are children allowed to participate?

Yes, families are welcome! We encourage participants of all ages to join, keeping in mind that children should be accompanied by an adult.

Commit message:

add links to bike shops

pages/faq.mdx, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What should I bring to the ride?

- A bike in good working condition
- Lights (when we ride after sunset)
- Water and snacks
- Weather-appropriate clothing

## How do we promote safety?

Safety is <u>the</u> top priority. We strive to create a secure environment for everyone to enjoy the ride. This includes:

- **Taking Full Lanes**: To ensure the safety of all cyclists, we take full 
lanes when necessary, especially where there are double yellow lines, to 
discourage unsafe passing by cars.
- **Corking when Necessary**: In order to keep the mass together, we may cork intersections until
we have all safely navigated the intersection.
- **Pre-Ride Safety Checks**: Make sure your stuff works and can be ridden. Don't know what to look for?
Something not spinning that should? Something spinning that shouldn't? Consider getting it checked out
at one of our many local bike shops:
    - [Halter's Cycles](https://maps.app.goo.gl/tNfr1VUfpBb7CDXG8)
    - [Pedego Princeton at Kopp's Cycle](https://maps.app.goo.gl/x9SJU7swe413ZZiN9)
    - [Jay's Cycles](https://maps.app.goo.gl/qmm62nn17JRatX5d7)
    - [Sourland Cycles](https://maps.app.goo.gl/sYT7bV4ZWfkcgAA8A)



## Is there a fee to participate?

No, Critical Mass Princeton is free to all participants. Our goal is to be accessible to everyone in the community.

## How long are the rides?

Rides typically last between 1 to 2 hours, covering various routes through downtown Princeton.

## Are children allowed to participate?

Yes, families are welcome! We encourage participants of all ages to join, keeping in mind that children should be accompanied by an adult.
